feat: Calculate balance fixing total production (#215)
Energinet-DataHub/opengeh-wholesale: source/contracts/calculation-job-parameters-reference.txt

> # This file is kinda contract between the parameters used by .NET invocation of the calculator job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This file is kind of a contract between the parameters used by .NET invocation of the calculator job
```

# and the parameters expected by the calculator job.

> # There is a test on either side verifying that both conforms to the same parameters format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# There is a test on both sides verifying that both conform to the same parameters format
```
"either" means one or the other, not both

Author: Thx 👍
